In the last lecture we saw how we can finally submit the form extract the data we want to extract just
so that you solve this too that you cut just can access de-value property on your form.
Now let's say we did extract all that data and now we want to reset the form.
Well turns out this is super simple on our form sign up form in this case which again is just fecche
directive from our template with View hold on this form.
We can call reset like this and this will reset the form and what this means is it will not only empty
all the inputs.
You could do this with set value too as you learned.
It will also reset the state like de-valued detached and so on these properties.
So now if I enter something here again like this and I hit submit you'll see everything is empty and
if we inspect it you'll see that all of the classes have been reset to pristine and valid and so on.
So it's really like the page was loaded again very helpful to know is how to reset the forms with dead.
You got a great overview over how you can quickly create powerful forms with angular with a template
driven approach.
This approach might be well-suited for the majority of your use cases during the rest of the module
though we're going to have a look at the average approach the reactive approach which gives us even
more control over our forums and which allows you to create more powerful forms your own validators
and much more.
So let's dive into this in the next lectures.